2 sueños: 
        1 tener mi propia empresa 
        1 invetigar algo interesante (cientifico )
        
        Intertwine : Terpsicore !!! 

To do:


 * About Us: redactar la parte de our philosophy 

 * Contact : Explicacion de como es el proceso de contratacion en 4 simples pasos. 
 (how do I start)
  
    1. Ud nos comenta su inquietud 
    2. Nosotros estudiamos el caso y le proponemos una solucion con un presupuesto estimado
    3. Ud estudian la solucion propuesta en realacion con el presupuesto inicial y si esta en el orden de lo aceptable se realiza una puesta en común (reunin via skype o presencial) para definir en detalle los alcances y escuchar nuestras propuestas originales. 
    4. Nosotros hacemos el presupueto final en base a la reunion y presentamos documento con los alcances. 
  
    Alternativa. puede haber una solapa: Our Process que incluya esto  y un poco mas del proyecto mas adelante en la linea de tiempo.
  

 * Solutions :
     
     (que sea inteligente, que venda pero que no suene a vendedor de colectivo)
    
     De que lo queres convencer? 
        de que somos capaces y serios whilst being a young firm 
        de que pruebe pedir un presupuesto o una evaluacion del proyecto. 

    Vende lo que podes ser. Podes ser una empresa joven con empleados mas que capaces (en comparacion con otros paises en desarrollo)
    Imaginate que tenes a javi a Eric a Juan y vende eso ! 
    
    Info 
       automation of business processes, provision of information for decision making, connecting businesses with their customers, and the provision of productivity tools to increase efficiency.
    
    
    alt1 
    
    In some cases our IT solutions attack specific problems that can represent urgent needs in a customer's business plan. "We need a more direct way to connect with our customers" or "" are every day examples.
    We proceed in these cases in a straightforward manner. We design a possible solution and set up a meeting to present our proposal.
       
    Sometimes however, you might not have a problem as easy to spot but rather an intuition on what step of your business needs optimization. "Maybe there's a way to determine the best way to " or "" can serve as  In such cases its even more important to have the right people on your side. Creativity and knowledge is a very rare combination nowadays (in a world).  
    ... mmmeh (en realidad siempre son soluciones (quizas a problemas que no sabias que existian))
    
    It doesnt matter whether 
    
    We are experts in analysing these needs  
    
    

        
    Below we eplain further some of the solutions we offer along with examples 
     
    alt2
    
     
    
    Software:  
        
        
        
    1. Custom web-based applications
          explicacion (como? que es una web based application? como las hacemos nsotros? las 2 cosas? que paja!)
          
          
          Ejemplos (Bam!) 
          
          web based application short explanation
            We have solid experience in writing applications using the Lamp Software Bundle (ref a http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LAMP_(software_bundle)). Therefore, along with a ... it is our primary choice of technology.  Although we are willing to adapt to other enviroments 
              
          
    3. Custom software applications
              
    2. E-Commerce 
    
    3. Client Relationships Manager (CRM)
    
    4. Business Process Manager (BPM)
    
    
    Operations Research:
      
      How to proceed if you have decided you want to use advanced analytical methods to improve your business
    
    

 * Experience: 
  
 Esta esta jevi. Puede quedar pendiente en primer a instancia, anda tirando ideas 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 We based solutions: 
 
 
Web Based Application Invesigation

source: http://www.netsity.com/webbasedapplication.htm  

“ What is a web based application? A web based application is a software package that can be accessed through the web browser. The software and database reside on a central server rather than being installed on the desktop system and is accessed over a network.”

 	
Web based applications are the ultimate way to take advantage of today's technology to enhance your organizations productivity & efficiency. Web based application gives you an opportunity to access your business information from anywhere in the world at anytime. It also facilitates you to save time & money and improve the interactivity with your customers and partners.
	 
 	
It allow your administration staff to work from any location and sales staff to access information remotely 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. With a computer connected to the Internet, a web browser and the right user name and password you can access the systems from any location.
	 
 	
Web-based applications are easy to use and can be implemented without interrupting your existing work process. Whether you need a content managed solution or an e-commerce system, we can develop a customized web application that fulfills your business requirements.
 	
The web based software that Netsity creates, enables you to interact with the application and data in a fluid and highly responsive manner. Our designers and multimedia experts ensure that your solution gives you an edge over your competitors.
 	
Let us assist you in making a seamless transition into the e-business world.


source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_application
source: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_application_development (quizas para linkear)

ubiquity of using a web browser as a thin client.
web application frameworks (symphony, Django) simplifican cosas como user management.





Ejemplos : 

www.netsity.com (rudimentaria pero tiene dthe basics)	
http://www.sas.com/en_us/software/analytics/sas-or.html (pagina de un software que implementa operations research methods no se para que)
http://www.dynamicworks.eu/(pagina que vende crm y demas soluciones de software. mira como vende el ecommerce. Ya listo para andar por un monthly fee)
http://www.edlconsulting.com/ecommerce-solutions (no la checkie)


